# Configuration

Before you can use PXI you need to create the configuration file.

1. Copy `config.example.yml` to `config.yml`.
2. Fill in your details.

## Paths

PXI needs to be told where to find or put several files.

### `paths.database`

Location of the SQLite database file. You don't need to change this unless you want the database to be stored outside of PXI's directory.

### `paths.logging`

Location of the log file. PXI will write it log messages (which commands have been executed, result of imports etc.) to this file. You don't need to change this unless you want the log file to be store outside of PXI's directory.

### `paths.import`

Locations of the various datagrids and other files that contain data to be imported into PXI. By default all of these files are located in the `data/import` directory under the PXI installation, but you can provide different paths if you would like to save the files elsewhere.

The following import files are datagrids that you must export from Pronto manually. See the [exporting datagrids guide](datagrid_export_guide.md) for instructions on how to get these files.

- `contract_items_datagrid`
- `inventory_items_datagrid`
- `gtin_items_datagrid`
- `price_rules_datagrid`
- `pricelist_datagrid`
- `supplier_items_datagrid`
- `inventory_web_data_items_datagrid`

The `inventory_metadata` file must be created manually.

The `supplier_pricelist` is downloaded from the Pronto server. However, if you are unable to use PXI's `download_spl` command to fetch this file from the Pronto server, you can also download it manually from Office Choice PIM.

The `website_images_report` needs to be created manually.

### `paths.export`

Locations of the various files generated by Pronto. By default all of these files are located in the `data/export` directory under the PXI installation, but you can specify different paths if you would like PXI to put the files somewhere else.

The following files are all Excel (`xlsx`) reports intended to be viewed by you, the user.

- `downloaded_images_report`
- `price_changes_report`
- `supplier_price_changes_report`
- `gtin_report`
- `web_data_updates_report`

The `tickets_list` file is a plain text file containing a list of codes. You can open this file in Notepad (or any other plain text editor), copy the list of codes, and paste them into the Rapid Entry mode in Shelf Putaway Labels. This is the quickest way to generate new shelf tickets only for the items that are on the shelf and have a price change.

There are two CSV files that can imported into Pronto, `pricelist` and `updated_supplier_pricelist`. PXI must upload these files using the `upload_pricelist` and `upload_spl` functions, as these files cannot be imported unless they are first copied to the Pronto server.

The `web_product_menu_data` is a pipe separated CSV that must be manually imported into Pronto using the eChoice dealer data import function.

PXI generates two data files, `contract_item_task` and `product_price_task`, to be used with `allbizsupplies/taskrunner`, which is a data entry automation tool.

PXI also has a separate script, `json_price_rules.py`, that converts the `price_rules_datagrid` into a JSON file. This is used by a separate project, `allbizsupplies/price-calculator`, which provides a price calculator GUI in a web browser.

The `images_dir` is the directory where product images will be downloaded. You will mostly likely need to zip up these files and send them to Office Choice IT to import into your website.

### `paths.remote`

PXI needs to know where to find or put several files on the Pronto server.

`supplier_pricelist` is the location of the SPL file provided by Office Choice. This path doesn't need to be changed unless Office Choice change the location of the file.

PXI needs to put two CSB files, `pricelist` and `supplier_pricelist_import`, in your home folder on the server. Your home folder has the form `/home/PRONTO_USERNAME`, where `PRONTO_USERNAME` is the username you use to log into the Pronto Thin Client.

## SSH settings

PXI uploads and downloads files using SSH (Secure Shell) and using your Pronto username and password.

`ssh.hostname`: This is the same as the "Default Host Name or Address" that you use in the settings for the Pronto Thin Client.

`ssh.username`: Your Pronto username.

`ssh.password`: Your Pronto password.

## Price Rules settings

### `price_rules.ignore`

List of price rules that you want to ignore. This is useful for ignoring special price rules that you don't want to include in your routine price recalculations.

## BIN Locations settings

### `bin_locations.ignore`

List of price rules that should be ignored when generating a list of shelf tickets.

## GTIN settings

### `gitn.ignore_brands`

Some brands (such as furniture suppliers) do not put barcodes on their products. Add those brands to this list in order to ignore them.
